docs: fix schema paths in example capabilities files (#3101)
tauri-apps/tauri-docs: src/content/docs/security/capabilities.mdx

## Schema Files

Tauri generates JSON schemas with all the permissions available to

> each platform-specific application, allowing autocompletion in your IDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your application, allowing autocompletion in your IDE.
```

To use a schema, set the `$schema` property in your configuration to one of the
platform-specific schemas located in the `gen/schemas` directory. Usually

> you'll set it to `../gen/schemas/desktop-schema.json` or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you will set it to `../gen/schemas/desktop-schema.json` or
```
I'm trying to reduce short forms like these in the docs because i was told a few times by non-english speakers that writing it out makes it a bit easier for them and/or their translators.
